It is very curious how some people deny the fact of space exploration, 
for it being "too complex and difficult to even be possible" 
yet they don't even give a second thought to the fact 
that they're expressing their ignorant opinion through a machine, 
which has the capability of uncanny accuracy and precision 
to manipulate single electrons to operate billions of 
mathematical calculations per second inside a one inch by one inch 
piece of silica and gold, which are turned into graphic information 
by thousands of tiny lamps working in perfect conjunction. 
This machine consumes as much energy as a light bulb, 
and is connected via electromagnetic waves to a globe-wide network of information, 
which is contained in millions of synchronized electronic discs 
which store and manage almost unintelligible amounts digital data. 
Those machines are powered by streams of electrons which travel kilometers inside copper wires, 
from their source in a facility which transforms the many forms of energy 
in nature into usable electricity. 
All this seems negligible, but shooting a missile into the sky 
with enough accuracy to come close to another planet seems impossible. 
Who understands them.?

Temp -180°C ... You'd need a coat & scarf then.?
-180°C  Damn  Gonna need a special spacesuit?

Brought to us by Science, engendered by reason. 
No imaginary god here, nor religious insanity. Science is all.

PUT. BETTER. CAMERAS. ON. PROBES. ?
It takes nearly 10 years to send a probe to the outer planets. 
Considering the shit this camera had to go through and still come out functional, 
it was probably the best camera available back in 1997, costing millions of dollars.



Also, you have to consider the bandwidth restrictions on sending the data from Huygens to Cassini 
and then from Cassini to Earth. Huygens had to send all of its data in realtime over a distance 
of sixty thousand miles, since there was no guarantee that it would survive landing, 
and its battery life was limited anyway. 
Then Cassini had to beam that data back to Earth from a billion miles away. 
Wi-fi ain't going to cover that, and phone services' data plan roving charges would bankrupt NASA.?


1. It was built 19 years ago.
2. It had to survive a launch, being in space for 10 years and landing.
3. Even if the digital camera was a modern 50 megapixel camera, 
   it takes quite a lot of power to transmit the images through titans atmosphere to Cassini. 
   The probe didn't have the power to send detailed images without much heavier batteries. 
   Plus it had to send other data as well.
4. Curiosity has great cameras, so next probe will probably be much better.?

Right at the end you can make out ET cycling past the sun...?
imagine if money spent well... than war bs...?


Bert Martin: I've seen better CGI in jap cartoons.?
Hà Phi Hùng: This CGI was made based on real data.?


There's no up or down in space so who decides East and west ??
R.I.P Casinni 1997 - 2017 :( we will all miss you cassini-hugyens :(?
CGI at its finest so fake nasa fakery?
